# Always Play Final Day - Mod for Content Warning

Allow crew to view their camera footage on the final day if they lost their camera underground, even if the footage won't meet quota (turned **on** by default).

- *The base game will end the third day immediately, if it detects quota has not been met.*
- *This feature can be toggled on or off in the game menu, in case it interacts with other mods.*

### Changelog

**v1.0.0**
- Initial release

### Contact Us

🚨 If you found this mod on any site except for *Thunderstore* or *r2 Modman*, then I cannot guarantee the safety of the file you have downloaded! 🚨

Please report this back to me on my GitHub https://github.com/alexandria-p or my Twitter account https://twitter.com/HumbleKraken.

Feel free to tweet at me too if you enjoyed using this mod.

If you would like to report any bugs, join the Content Warning modding discord and find me there.

# Installation steps

### All crew members must have this mod installed, and follow these steps

**If you've never installed mods for Content Warning, do this first:**
* Install the *r2 Modman* mod manager via *Thunderstore* (click "Manual Download"): https://thunderstore.io/c/content-warning/p/ebkr/r2modman/
* Run *r2 Modman*
* Select *Content Warning* as your game in *r2 Modman*

**Skip to here if you already have the r2 Modman mod manager set up and installed.**
* Add this mod (AlwaysPlayFinalDay) to *r2 Modman* and make sure it is enabled
* Run Content Warning via *r2 Modman*. You may need to already have Steam running in the background.

# Known bugs

- No known bugs at this stage. Report bugs in the Content Warning discord, or on my GitHub.

# Can I copy this mod's code? Can I contribute to this project?

*You cannot wholesale copy this mod with the intent of passing it off as your own.*

Ideally, you should be able to raise an issue or pull request on this project, so that any new functionality can stay in a single mod & be toggleable by users in the game settings. If this gives you trouble, please see the "Contact Us" section of this README for details on how to get in touch.

If you'd like to fork the project to add or change functionality, please message me first at my GitHub or Twitter and make sure you link back to my GitHub repository in your mod description.

https://github.com/alexandria-p/ContentWarning-AlwaysPlayFinalDay

I wholeheartedly encourage you to look at the mod files on my GitHub to learn more about how it was made 💝 I have learnt so much by reading the source code of other mods.

# Dependencies 
(these will be installed automatically if you use r2 modman)
- BepInEx-BepInExPack-5.4.2100
- RugbugRedfern-MyceliumNetworking-1.0.14

# References

Scaffolded using Hamunii's tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0lVCSSKqTY

Uses the Xilo's Content Warning Templates: https://github.com/ContentWarningCommunity/Content-Warning-Mod-Templates

This template uses MonoMod, and the MMHOOK_Assembly-CSharp.dll file generated by Hamunii-AutoHookGenPatcher-1.0.4.
